20-19 looks like it's gonna be here
filled with a lot of phones with
punch-out camera holes and it kind of
begs the question our punch out camera
holes actually better than notches like
we're seeing this type of camera style
coming out on the galaxy s 10 and we've
seen it on hallways and over for and one
of the honor phones has it
hole punch phones are gonna be a thing
this year like it or not and as I see
more of these phones come out it just
makes me wonder are these hole punch
phones actually better than notch phones
or are we kind of being sold this idea
that they're better by companies and if
you think back to the original notched
phone like why companies did it if you
think back to like the essential phone
they were trying to achieve a particular
stetic right they wanted to minimize the
kind of obstructions and protrusions on
the front of that screen to make it look
altra clean on the front and they did a
pretty good job of it in 2017 that's
almost two years ago two years later we
have notches on phones with a water drop
shape that looks pretty clean and then
we have some phones that are just like
BAM I heard you like notches here's a
notch so for me I really like the idea
of a hole punch screen it looks so much
cleaner and honestly looks refreshing to
me from all those notch phones that we
saw over the course of 2018 a circular
hole punched camera looks really nice
and even some of the earlier conceptual
work that I did it was really fun to
work with like being able to see your
wallpaper move over that hole punch was
just super cool but there's a part of me
and it's not even that small part of me
there's like a reasonable part of my
brain that's like are we just being had
are we just being played by companies
because if you think about it bezels
were fine before like bezels give you a
nice black thing to hold on you're in
landscape mode they give you
front-facing speakers and removing those
bezels was something that looked nice
but it was really unnecessary notches
and hole punch phones were basically
fixing a problem that never existed for
the consumers if anything notches and
punch out cameras are fixing a problem
from manufacturers the problem of how do
we sell people more phones like how do
we sell you a new device a replacement
device of something that you already own
that's already really good like how do
we convince you to buy something that's
new this is the way right when I look at
models and
concepts with the s10 it looks so cool
and forget the fact that it's like an
awesome phone like seven nanometer chip
bigger battery all that stuff it's gonna
be a great phone but the fact that it
looks the way it does makes me more
interested but I want to know what you
guys think like is the hole punch screen
is that something that you guys find a
substantial enough feature to make it
more of a compelling purchased for you
like is that a big enough shift in
technology for you to be like hey that's
the phone that I'm interested in because
we've seen iterative changes in phones
for a long time this to me is one of the
bigger ones and the weird thing is we
know that Samsung is working on an even
better screen right one without any
visible front facing camera and that is
a technology that's endgame right that's
the phone that manufactures want to sell
that's the phone that every consumer
wants to buy that completely clean
front-facing display but even though we
know that that's something they're
working on and it's probably not that
far away in the future this phone that
s10 looks super cool to me but is that
enough for you guys is that hole-punch
camera something that you guys want or
did you prefer the knotch or are you
gonna hold out for that completely clean
phone and I think we're probably gonna
get there sooner than later okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it
subs we loved it see you guys next time